We'd like you to get some practice and have another look at building a server. In order to review what we have studied in the previous modules, we'd like you to create a new Express Server. In your folder, make a folder called . Inside this folder, you will create the new server. Please refer to the Node Server - Server Setup module for a refresher on how to set up a server.

Submission For this assignment, you will need to submit a GitHub repository for the server side. Make sure you are in the correct folder when creating the repository.

Rationale You have been served up an enormous amount of material, and now you need practice working with it and repeating it. It will go faster the second time through, and iterative learning will take place. You will essentially be rebuilding what you just did with a few different endpoints.

Criteria Just to be clear, there are some major criteria. Your server must do the following:

Follow an MVC pattern.

Use all of the key concepts studied in the previous modules, including , , and . You will build a client later, using React. You do not need a client for this. We will use this to teach client side Authentication with React. Your endpoints must show signs of having been tested(screenshots of successful Postman request in a file are always handy)

Required Endpoints

The project should have the following endpoints: Endpoint Verb Description

Data Models

In addition to the columns automatically generated by Sequelize, the model requires the following columns and data-types:

Data Types Property Type username STRING passwordhash STRING

In addition to the columns automatically generated by Sequelize, the model requires the following columns and data-types:

Data Types Property Type description STRING definition STRING result STRING owner_id INTEGER

Additional Information The user should not provide the id associated with their user account. This value should come from the validateSession middleware function.